You are successfully logged in the [Thrombin
Analyzer](https://dmitriymarkovich.shinyapps.io/Thrombin_Analyzer/) application!
Press `Log out` in the topright corner of the sidebar to log out of the
application.

This application performs data analysis in thrombin generation
experiments. Below is the step-by-step guide that explains how to use it.

> #### Calibration

**Calibration signal** tab visualizes the results of analysis of a calibration
signal.  Use the `Load calibration data file` button and choose a suitable
signal to load. Then, choose a model to fit the loaded signal using the `Select
model to fit calibration signal`. Parameters obtained from the model fitted to
the signal will be shown in **Parameters** tab.

> #### Thrombin generation

**Thrombin generation signal** tab visualizes the results of analysis of a
thrombin generation signal.  Use the `Load thrombin generation data file` button
and choose a suitable signal to load. Then, choose a model to fit the loaded
signal using the `Select model to fit thrombin generation signal`. Use
**Thrombogram** tab to visualize the thrombogram and the thrombin velocity of
the signal. Parameters obtained from the model fitted to the signal will be
shown in **Parameters** tab.

> #### Parameters

Analyze a calibration or a thrombin generation signal or both following the
steps above and check the parameters with the **Parameters** tab.

> #### Dataset

**Dataset** tab visualizes the results of the analysis of a dataset from a
thrombin generation experiment. Use the `Load dataset file` to load a dataset,
and press `Analyze!` to analyze it.  Overlay thrombograms and check the details
of the performed analysis using the **Overlay** and **Overlay details** tabs.

If You have the results and the parameters available for the dataset, You can
alternatively load them using the `Load parameters` and `Load results`.

> #### Demo signals

In case there are no data on Your computer, download some of the provided demo
signals by choosing from options in `Select a demo signal to try out models on
data!`. The data You choose is visualized in **Demo signals** tab. Download
data, and analyze it following the steps above.

> #### Tutorial

Shows Thrombin Analyzer Tutorial directly in the app using the standard 
pdf-viewer of Your browser.

Good luck!

[Dmitriy Markovich](http://www.nanotech.dtu.dk/english/Service/Phonebook/Person?id=69192&tab=0)
